Maplike and Setlike objects in Map and Set (#27160)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/map/index.md

console.log(contacts.size); // 1
```

> ### Map-like objects
> 
> **`Map`-like objects** (or "maplike objects") are browser-specific objects that behave in many ways like a `Map`.

Author: ```suggestion
### Map-like browser APIs

**Browser `Map`-like objects** (or "maplike objects") are [Web API](/en-US/docs/Web/API) interfaces that behave in many ways like a `Map`.
```

Just like `Map`, entries can be iterated in the same order that they were added to the object.

> `Map`-like objects also have properties and methods that share the same name and behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Map`-like objects also have properties and methods that share the same name and behavior with `Map`.
```

Author: Don't know why, but I think I prefer

```suggestion
`Map`-like objects and `Map` also have properties and methods that share the same name and behavior.
```

> Just like `Map` they are ordered, and entries are iterated in the same sequence that they were added to the object, using all of the same looping constructs.
> `Map`-like objects also share some of the same properties and methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like `Map`, they are ordered, and entries can be iterated in the order that they were added to the object.
`Map`-like objects also share with `Map` some properties and methods of the same name.
```

Author: @Josh-Cena For the first sentence, I guess we don't need to say both ordered and can be iterated in the same order as. 

For the second sentence, what is the point you are trying to capture, or point of disagreement with what I had?  What I am trying to capture is that Map and browser map-like objects have some methods and properties in common. By saying "of the same name" it implies that perhaps they have the same name but different behaviour. 

Is this better

```suggestion
Just like `Map`, entries can be iterated in the same order that they were added to the object.
`Map`-like objects also have properties and methods in common.
```

Reviewer: My concern is that they merely have the same name but (a) the methods are not the same function object (`Map.prototype.get !== AudioParamMap.prototype.get`) (b) not exactly the same behavior, because the keys and values have constrained types. The fact that they have the same name already hints that they have similar behaviors.

Author: As a reader I would never assume that they did have the same exact function object, but I guess it is a risk. I've spelled it out as "`Map`-like objects also have properties and methods that share the same name and behavior."

However unlike `Map` they only allow specific predefined types for the keys and values of each entry.

The allowed types are set in the specification IDL definition.

> For example, {{domxref("RTCStatsReport")}} is a `Map`-like object that must use strings for keys and any object as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, {{domxref("RTCStatsReport")}} is a `Map`-like object that must use strings for keys and objects for values.
```

This is defined in the specification IDL below:

> ```webidl

Author: FYI, this is the bit I would expect you to question. It isn't particularly useful to normal users. But it would have been helpful to me as a documenter to know this when I started out. I also wanted to demonstrate that the types are "hard coded" and how.

interface RTCStatsReport {

>   readonly maplike<DOMString, object>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    readonly maplike<DOMString, object>;
```

>     readonly maplike<DOMString, object>;

Author: ```suggestion
  readonly maplike<DOMString, object>;
```

};
```

`Map`-like objects are either read-only or read-writable (see the `readonly` keyword in the IDL above).

- Read-only `Map`-like objects have the property [`size`](#map.prototype.size), and the methods: [`entries()`](#map.prototype.entries), [`forEach()`](#map.prototype.foreach), [`get()`](#map.prototype.get), [`has()`](#map.prototype.has), [`keys()`](#map.prototype.keys), [`values()`](#map.prototype.values), and [`@@iterator`](#map.prototypeiterator).
- Writeable `Map`-like objects additionally have the methods: [`clear()`](#map.prototype.clear), [`delete()`](#map.prototype.delete), and [`set()`](#map.prototype.set).

> The methods and properties have the same behaviour as the equivalent entities in `Map`, except for the restriction on the types of the keys and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The methods and properties have the same behavior as the equivalent entities in `Map`, except for the restriction on the types of the keys and values.
```

> The following items are examples of read-only `Map`-like objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are examples of read-only `Map`-like browser objects:
```
